Hello Tractive,

    I am big (open source) ruby fan / programmer from Austria 
with a dozen published gems and I live near Krems/Donau 
and would love to work on ruby / jruby at Tractive.   
Some years ago I even gave a talk at the local Linz Ruby User Group 
at Tractive in Pasching 
( about static website generation with ruby (and jekyll or such).

Anyways, I am open for full-time or part-time 
and would be thrilled to talk in person in Linz / Pasching 
how I might fit in and can contribute to the success of Tractive.

While for now I am not living in Linz (it's an 1 hour+ commute to Linz)  
I am a big fan of Linz too and have, for example, volunteered to talk at local meetups 
e.g. (Linz) Techplauscherl or Stahlstadt.js this year 
(see  https://github.com/geraldb/talks )  
or long time ago at the Ruby Linz User Group three times. 

Looking forward to your answer  (in English or German).

Yours truly,
    Gerald Bauer

PS:   The easiest way to reach me is by email - gerald.bauer@gmail.com 


---

Thanks for your application.
We sent you a mail to let you know about what to expect next.

---

As part of our Software team, you will:

See your code make a difference in the life of pet lovers worldwide in matter of weeks, if not days
Design and implement core APIs
Work on the back-end systems handling data from our GPS devices
Handle and optimize our internal manufacturing, logistics and return management applications
Build prototypes for future projects
Optimize availability and scalability for existing services
Stay up to date with state-of-the-art tech
Bring in your fresh ideas to make Tractive better - you’ll never hear the phrase “...because that’s how we’ve always done things”
Continuously grow personally and professionally, take ownership of areas that show your potential, and attend workshops which help you get to the next level
Your profile

Key requirements:
At least 3 years of hands-on experience with Ruby on Rails
Experience with NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB, Redis) and Message Queues
Worked with Docker, Message Queues, Continuous Deployment, or similar
Very good English skills
Valid Austrian work permit
 

Does this sound like you?
Analytical thinker with great problem-solving skills
Eager to take responsibility
Motivated to work on highly available systems
Lives the mantra "Release early, release often"
An easy-going team player who loves a good challenge
Willing to come and work with our fantastic team in Austria


Salary range
Just so you know what to expect: 
For this position, we offer a competitive overpayment based 
on qualification and experience. 
Annual gross salary starts at € 60,000 full-time - at Tractive that means 
a 4-day work week with a 3-day weekend. 
If you bring relevant experience in many of the fields of responsibility, 
the salary will be considerably higher.